README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Game Theory. 10 semester  </h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10 | 3.11/blue">
      <img alt="Python 3.10 | 3.11" src="https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10 | 3.11/blue" >
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff">
      <img alt="Code style: Ruff" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/format.json" >
  </a>
</p>

## Quick Start

1. Installing Poetry to manage dependencies.

```bash
# Install Poetry.
pip3 install poetry==1.7.1
# Verify that Poetry is working.
poetry --version
```

> [!WARNING]
> If you receive an error: `"Command not found.", add Poetry to your user Path variable`.

```bash
# For *-nix systems.
export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"
```

```powershell
# For Windows.
[System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('path', $env:USERPROFILE + "\AppData\Roaming\Python\Scripts;" + [System.Environment]::GetEnvironmentVariable('path', "User"),"User")
```

2. All dependencies have already locked in poetry.lock, you just need to install it.

```bash
poetry install --without dev
```

3. And now you're ready to run jupyter notebook using env based on poetry venv dependencies.

```bash
poetry run jupyter-notebook
# OR just activate your created virtual environment like this.
poetry shell
```

Commit message:

fix(pre-commit): fix args for `ruff` in pre-commit

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Game Theory. 10 semester  </h1>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10 | 3.11/blue">
      <img alt="Python 3.10 | 3.11" src="https://badgen.net/badge/python/3.10 | 3.11/blue" >
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff">
      <img alt="Code style: Ruff" src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/format.json" >
  </a>
</p>

## Quick Start

1. Installing Poetry to manage dependencies.

```bash
# Install Poetry.
pip3 install poetry==1.7.1
# Verify that Poetry is working.
poetry --version
```

> [!WARNING]
> If you receive an error: `"Command not found.", add Poetry to your user Path variable`.

```bash
# For *-nix systems.
export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"
```

```powershell
# For Windows.
[System.Environment]::SetEnvironmentVariable('path', $env:USERPROFILE + "\AppData\Roaming\Python\Scripts;" + [System.Environment]::GetEnvironmentVariable('path', "User"),"User")
```

2. All dependencies have already locked in poetry.lock, you just need to install it.

- If you need the complete environment with .
```bash
poetry install
# Install pre-commit hook to .git.
pre-commit install
```


- If you need minimal production dependencies without dev-tools.
```bash
poetry install --without dev
```



3. And now you're ready to run jupyter notebook using env based on poetry venv dependencies.

```bash
poetry run jupyter-notebook
# OR just activate your created virtual environment like this.
poetry shell
```
